   https://codepen.io/matty-serwer/pen/zYqEYww
   
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    using elements that are clear about what you are doing and easy to organize.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    marking up text within a browser to make content easy for the user to navigate, and consume.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes are used to specify parameters about an html element. they come right after the element is declared, within the open angle brackets.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    it is used to signify and format the most important title on a webpage, usually at the top. It should only be used once per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img requires the src tag, and the a tag requires the href attribute.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    a title, styles, and metadata

    7. What is an id? 
    it is an attribute that is applied to one specific element in a webpage so that it can be styled or accessed.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    one.

    10. What is a class? 
    a class is an attribute that can be applied to one or several elements in a webpage, that will all have the same styles applied to them, or they all can be accessed together in javaScript.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    any number of times.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add the attribute target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    for web services that dont load images, i.e. low bandwidth locations, or sight readers.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    placing a '#' before the id name.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is a semantic tag. div is more general.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    cascading style sheets are used to apply style to an html webpage. Style manipulates a webpages appearance.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 by itself and then brackets '{ }'

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    classes can be used mutliple times and an id is only used once per page to identify a specific object.
    You might use to signify all the div's that you want to add a blue background to. 
    You might use an ID on particular html form so that its clear what form you are talking about.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    a period before the name of the class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human { }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    '>' it is used to select elements that are the direct child of another element, for instance to select all the list items at once that are children of a specific list.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar li { }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseudo selector is active during a specific state, as in using 
    ':hover' to signify that we're looking for a mouse hover to select the element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: 'number or percent'

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 'pixels'

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:'uppercase, lowercase, capitalize'

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-style: dotted;
    border-width: 1px;
    border-color: black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * { }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* just like this! */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    'rm' The rm command will delete something with finality! It can not be retrieved. I've already set up 'trash'!

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so you can revisit previous versions of your code, when it may have worked better, or when a client prefered it, or to see what was done at each stage, etc.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    you should commit often, anytime you've created a small but meaningful change.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin 'branch-name'

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    -First you fork the assigned repo, so that you have your own version. 
    -add your TL as a collaborator
    -use the terminal to clone the http of your repo
    -go into the new folder for your repo clone, and checkout a branch with your name.
    -work on the project 
    -when your done, you can add, commit and push all the files to github, to your branch. 
    -then create a pull request of your branch, making sure to select your forked repo as the base repo. 
    -invite your TL to review it, and go and pull it!


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    a block element takes up a new line, and takes up the full width of its parent.
    inline elements doesn't start on a new line and only takes up the space that itself takes up.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    an absolute positioned element will be at a specified location (by pixel) within its parent element. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 